[
  "In the hospital room, as washing my hands, I glance in the mirror. The man I see is not so much me as my father.",
  "Scolding is something common in student life. Being a naughty boy, I am always scolded by my parents.",
  "She infect teaches well. But that day, I could not resist the temptation that an adventure of Nancy Drew offered.",
  "The teacher had caught me red handed. She scolded me then and there and insulted me in front of the whole class.",
  "My cheeks burned being guilty conscious. When the class was over, I went to the teacher to apologize.",
  "A teacher is called builder of the nation. The profession of teaching needs men and women with qualities of head and heart.",
  "There are many teachers in our school and a large number of teachers among them are highly qualified.",
  "I have great respect for all of them. Yet I have a special liking for Miss Y. Miss Y is a woman of great principles.",
  "She is jewel among all the teachers. Almost all the students respect her. She teaches us English.",
  "She is quite at home in this subject. She takes keen interest in teaching students. Simple living and high thinking is her motto.",
  "She is a woman of sweet temper and is always ready to help in difficulties. She treats us like her own brothers and sisters.",
  "She is an ideal teacher. It is these qualities of head and heart that have endeared Miss Y to the students and teachers alike.",
  "A secret always has a strengthening effect upon a newborn friendship, as does the shared impression than an external figure is to blame.",
  "On foot, from necessity or in deference to his dismounted commander or associates, his conduct was the same.",
  "He once thought it himself, that he might die with grief. for his wife, his daughters, his sisters, his father and master the cardinal.",
  "In short, I turned over on my face when I came to that, and got a good grasp on the hair on each side of my head, and wrenched it well.",
  "What was I after all? Near enough what Conchis had had me told. nothing but the net sum of countless wrong turnings.",
  "Lyrical poetry is a realm in which any statement immediately becomes truth. Yesterday the poet said life is a vale of tears.",
  "Recently, an exhibition Building A New India was held in the capital. It was organized by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting",
  "First of all, I visited the general section of the exhibition where different charts and photographs depicting India development.",
  "Soft rays of sunlight peeked through the morning mist, painting the sky in hues of gold.",
  "A gentle breeze whispered through the trees, carrying the scent of blooming flowers.",
  "With each brushstroke, the artist brought the canvas to life, creating a masterpiece.",
  "The city streets bustled with activity, as people hurried to their destinations.",
  "The sound of laughter filled the room, creating an atmosphere of joy and camaraderie.",
  "The aroma of freshly brewed coffee enticed passersby, drawing them into the cozy cafe.",
  "As the curtains opened, the stage came alive with vibrant colors and captivating performances.",
  "In the distance, a lone bird soared through the vast expanse of the clear blue sky.",
  "The first drops of rain tapped against the window, announcing the arrival of a summer shower.",
  "The ancient ruins stood as a testament to a bygone era, whispering tales of the past.",
  "As night fell, the city lights twinkled like stars, casting a magical glow.",
  "The sweet melody of a violin filled the air, evoking a range of emotions.",
  "Amidst the hustle and bustle of the market, vendors proudly displayed their colorful wares.",
  "With a gentle touch, the pianist brought forth a symphony that stirred the soul.",
  "The scent of freshly baked bread wafted from the bakery, tempting even the strongest willpower.",
  "As the sun set, the sky transformed into a canvas of breathtaking colors.",
  "The rhythmic sound of waves crashing against the shore created a soothing ambiance.",
  "In the tranquil garden, flowers bloomed in a riot of colors, attracting butterflies and bees.",
  "The towering skyscrapers reached for the clouds, their glass facades reflecting the city's vibrancy.",
  "A gentle stream meandered through the meadow, its crystal-clear waters inviting tranquility.",
  "As the door creaked open, a sense of anticipation filled the room.",
  "The distant sound of church bells carried through the air, announcing a moment of solemnity.",
  "The aroma of spices filled the air, as exotic flavors danced on the taste buds.",
  "The sound of applause erupted, a sign of appreciation for a captivating performance.",
  "The scent of freshly cut grass tickled the senses, reminding of lazy summer afternoons.",
  "With a flick of the wrist, the magician conjured a spellbinding illusion that left the audience in awe.",
  "As the first snowflake fell, the world transformed into a winter wonderland.",
  "The crackling fire provided warmth and comfort, as the flames danced in the fireplace.",
  "The morning dew glistened on the petals of blooming flowers, a delicate touch of nature's artistry.",
  "In the quiet library, the rustling of pages echoed, as knowledge was eagerly sought.",
  "The scent of the ocean carried on the breeze, beckoning all to explore its mysteries."
]
